show_id	type	title	director	cast	country	date_added	release_year	rating	duration	listed_in	description
s1	Movie	The Grand Seduction	Don McKellar	Brendan Gleeson, Taylor Kitsch, Gordon Pinsent	Canada	March 30, 2021	2014		113 min	Comedy, Drama	A small fishing village must procure a local doctor to secure a lucrative business contract. When unlikely candidate and big city doctor Paul Lewis lands in their lap for a trial residence, the townsfolk rally together to charm him into staying. As the doctor's time in the village winds to a close, acting mayor Murray French has no choice but to pull out all the stops.
s2	Movie	Take Care Good Night	Girish Joshi	Mahesh Manjrekar, Abhay Mahajan, Sachin Khedekar	India	March 30, 2021	2018	13+	110 min	Drama, International	A Metro Family decides to fight a Cyber Criminal threatening their stability and pride.
s3	Movie	Secrets of Deception	Josh Webber	Tom Sizemore, Lorenzo Lamas, Robert LaSardo, Richard Jones, Yancey Arias, Noel Gugliemi	United States	March 30, 2021	2017		74 min	Action, Drama, Suspense	After a man discovers his wife is cheating on him with a neighborhood kid he goes down a furious path of self-destruction
s4	Movie	Pink: Staying True	Sonia Anderson	Interviews with: Pink, Adele, Beyoncé, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, more!	United States	March 30, 2021	2014		69 min	Documentary	Pink breaks the mold once again, bringing her career to a new level in 2013 with a world tour that entertains unlike ever before! Get inside access to "the girl who got the party started" with exclusive interviews and rare live performances.
s5	Movie	Monster Maker	Giles Foster	Harry Dean Stanton, Kieran O'Brien, George Costigan, Amanda Dickinson, Alison Steadman, Grant Bardsley, Bill Moody, Matthew Scurfield	United Kingdom	March 30, 2021	1989		45 min	Drama, Fantasy	Teenage Matt Banting wants to work with a famous but eccentric creature/special effects man named Chancey Bellows. He gets more than he bargained for when one of the creatures, the giant dragon-like Ultragorgon, takes Matt under his wing. Matt is forced to confront his inner monsters while working out his issues with his father.
s6	Movie	Living With Dinosaurs	Paul Weiland	Gregory Chisholm, Juliet Stevenson, Brian Henson, Michael Maloney	United Kingdom	March 30, 2021	1989		52 min	Fantasy, Kids	The story unfolds in a an English seaside town, where Dom, an only child, faces the imminent arrival of a new sibling, and subsequently diminished attention from his mother. A stuffed toy dinosaur named Dog is Dom's only confidant – Dom relies on his friend heavily for support as he confronts his problems, accepts the changes in his life, and understands the love he has for his parents.
s7	Movie	Hired Gun	Fran Strine	Alice Cooper, Liberty DeVitto, Ray Parker Jr., David Foster, Jason Hook, Steve Vai, Phil X, Rudy Sarzo, Jay Graydon, Rob Zombie, Kenny Aronoff, Steve Lukather, Justin Derrico, Eva Gardner, John 5, Eric Singer, Derek St. Holmes, Paul Bushnell, Jason Newsted, Glen Sobel, Nita Strauss, Chris Johnson	United States	March 30, 2021	2017		98 min	Documentary, Special Interest	They are the "First Call, A-list" musicians, just 20 feet from stardom, yet rarely receive credit for their work. The 'hired gun' community lives and breathes music, and for the first time, share their incredible stories detailing the highs and lows of touring life, the demands of session schedules, and the dedication required to play next to some of the world's most iconic musicians.
s8	Movie	Grease Live!	Thomas Kail, Alex Rudzinski	Julianne Hough, Aaron Tveit, Vanessa Hudgens, Keke Palmer, Carly Rae Jepson, Mario Lopez, Carlos PenaVega, Kether Donohue, Jordan Fisher, David Del Rio, Andrew Call, Wendell Pierce, Boyz II Men, Jessie J, Ana Gasteyer, Didi Conn	United States	March 30, 2021	2016		131 min	Comedy	This honest, uncompromising comedy chronicles the war stories and sexual misadventures of a tight circle of lovers and friends fighting to get their acts together, for better or worse.
s9	Movie	Global Meltdown	Daniel Gilboy	Michael Paré, Leanne Khol Young, Patrick J. MacEachern	Canada	March 30, 2021	2017		87 min	Action, Science Fiction, Suspense	A helicopter pilot and an environmental scientist lead a exodus of survivors in a search for a safe haven after a catastrophic tectonic event causes the crust of the earth to break apart.
s10	Movie	David's Mother	Robert Allan Ackerman	Kirstie Alley, Sam Waterston, Stockard Channing	United States	April 1, 2021	1994		92 min	Drama	Sally Goodson is a devoted mother to her autistic son David. Abandoned by her husband, Sally has managed to keep her son out of "the System", until a social worker comes along.
s11	Movie	Forest Fairies	Justin G. Dyck	Emily Wilder, Adrian Cowan, Gary Mckenzie, Jeremy Ninaber, Brenda Somers, Brian Carleton, Lora Burke, Winny Clarke, Mercedes Morris, Rebecca Perry, Emily Agard, Graham Gauthier	Canada	April 4, 2021	2016		88 min	Adventure, Kids	Amanda stumbles upon a hidden village of fairies in the forest. They help her thwart a scheming land developer's plan to trick her mother into selling the family inn.
s12	Movie	Take Care	Liz Tuccillo	Leslie Bibb, Kevin Curtis, Nadia Dajani	United States	April 10, 2021	2014		93 min	Comedy	When a car crash leaves Frannie immobilized, she is brushed off by everyone she can count on. With nowhere else to turn, Frannie reluctantly calls her ex, Devon, for help. It isn't long before old wounds emerge and are made worse when Devon's crazy new girlfriend shows up.
s13	Movie	The Night Eats The World	Dominique Rocher	Anders Danielsen Lie, Golshifteh Farahani, Denis Lavant, Sigrid Bouaziz, David Kammenos	France	April 17, 2021	2018		94 min	Horror, Suspense	After waking up in an apartment the night after a raging party, Sam comes face to face with his new reality, an army of zombies have invaded the streets of Paris and he is the lone survivor. Petrified with fear, he barricades himself inside the building to survive. He wonders how long can he last in silence and solitude, and the answer comes when he learns that he's not all alone after all.
s14	Movie	Resilencia	Jep Barcelona	Rafinha Alcantara, Marc-André Ter Stegen, Sergi Roberto, Dr. Ramón Cugat, Mazinho, Xavi Arruebo, Celia Ferreira Da Silva, Ángel Lapuebla, Javier Enríquez, Thiago Alcantara, Valeria Alcantara	Spain	April 24, 2021	2020		46 min	Documentary, Sports	The documentary follows the midfielder’s everyday life for six months. It’s a sincere portrayal by Rafinha himself, who opened his home for the cameras to film every moment, even allowing them into the operating room.
s15	Movie	Elon Musk: The Real Life Iron Man	Sonia Anderson	Elon Musk, Per Wimmer, Julie Anderson-Ankenbrandt, Cary Cooper	United Kingdom	May 2, 2021	2018		74 min	Documentary	Discover the meteoric rise of Elon Musk, the man who is transforming the way we think about travel technology through electric cars, the Hyperloop, and revolutionary ideas on how we live through artificial intelligence and colonizing Mars.
s16	Movie	Summer '03	Becca Gleason	Joey King, Jack Kilmer, Andrea Savage, Paul Scheer, June Squibb, Erin Darke, Stephen Ruffin, Kelly Lamor Wilson, Logan Medina, Travis James, Bill Eudaly, Elise DuQuette	United States	June 3, 2021	2019		96 min	Comedy, Drama	Summer '03 is the hilarious story of 16-year-old Jamie and her family, who are shocked after her calculating grandmother unveils an array of family secrets on her deathbed, one involving religion, the other of a more personal nature. Jamie is left to navigate her own love life and her closest friendships in the midst of this family crisis, and one of the most memorable summers of her life.
s17	Movie	Zoombies	Glenn Miller	Marcus Anderson, Kaiwi Lyman, Andrew Asper			2016	13+	87 min	Horror, Science Fiction	When a strange virus quickly spreads through a safari park and turns all the zoo animals undead, those left in the park must stop the creatures before they escape and zombify the whole city.
s18	TV Show	Zoo Babies		Narrator - Gillian Barlett			2008	ALL	1 Season	Kids, Special Interest	A heart warming and inspiring series that welcomes the arrival of new members of the animal kingdom in Zoo's around the world, as well as showcasing endangered species being born in captivity, 'Zoo Babies' is perfect family viewing packaged with fun, colourful graphics designed to capture the attention of little ones.
s19	TV Show	Zoë Coombs Marr: Bossy Bottom		Zoë Coombs Marr			2020	18+	1 Season	Comedy, Talk Show and Variety	Zoë Coombs Marr has been on hiatus. Sort of. For six years, she won stacks of awards and acclaim as a hack comic with a neckbeard called Dave. Whatever. She’s scraped off the neckbeard and is BAAAACK… as herself. There is no comedian quite like Zoë. Bossy Bottom is a joyously silly return to very serious stand up from the MICF Most Outstanding Show winner and Edinburgh Best Show nominee.
s20	Movie	Zoe	Drake Doremus	Ewan McGregor, Léa Seydoux, Theo James, Miranda Otto, Rashida Jones, Christina Aguilera, Matthew Gray Gubler, Anthony Shim			2018	R	104 min	Science Fiction	ZOE tells a tale of forbidden love between an engineer and a robot. ZOE (Léa Seydoux) and COLE (Ewan McGregor) are colleagues and veiled lovers at a lab working to perfect romantic relationships. But their relationship is threatened when Zoe discovers the truth about their relationship, sending them into a spiral of confusion, betrayal and the most intense of human emotions, love.
s21	TV Show	Zoboomafoo					2001	TV-Y	1 Season	Kids	Chris and Martin Kratt bring their enthusiasm for animals to the pre-school set.
s22	TV Show	Zo Zo Zombie: Mini-Series		Alex Cazares, Ben Diskin, Cristina Vee, Erika Ishii			2020	TV-Y7	1 Season	Action, Anime, Comedy	Zo Zo Zombie is our undead hero who, with his best [human] friend Isamu, is just trying to do some good in this world but somehow always ends up in pieces. Literally.
s23	Movie	Zis Boom Bah	William Nigh	Grace Hayes, Mary Healy			1941	NR	62 min	Arts, Entertainment, and Culture, Comedy, Drama	"Hey, kids, let's get together and put on a show!" That's the idea behind this raucous spoof about a vaudeville performer who goes to college to spy on her bratty son.
s24	TV Show	ZeroZeroZero		ANDREA RISEBOROUGH, HAROLD TORRES, CLAUDIA PINEDA, TCHEKY KARYO, GIUSEPPE DE DOMENICO, GABRIEL BYRNE, DANE DEHAAN, ADRIANO CHIARAMIDA	Italy		2020	18+	1 Season	TV Shows	ZeroZeroZero series follows the journey of a cocaine shipment, from the moment a powerful cartel of Italian criminals decides to buy it until the cargo is delivered and paid for, passing through its packaging in Mexico and shipment across the Atlantic Ocean.
s25	Movie	Zandalee	Sam Pillsbury	Nicolas Cage, Judge Reinhold, Erika Anderson, Joe Pantoliano, Viveca Lindfors, Aaron Neville, Steve Buscemi, Ian Abercrombie, Marisa Tomei, Jo-El Sonnier, Newell Alexander, Blaise Delacroix, Eliott Keener, Richard Greenberg, John Cutler, Thomas Iain			1991	R	94 min	Drama	Zandalee has grown bored with her poet-turned-businessman husband and has an affair with his best friend. When their passions grow wild, it proves to be too hot for any of them to handle.
s26	Movie	Zambezi: Force of Life	Dr. Rudolf Lammers				2005	ALL	50 min	Documentary	The Zambezi river is the fourth-longest river in Africa, flowing from the heart of Zambia all the way to the Indian Ocean. Along the way, we discover the breathtaking wildlife that call the river home, including hippos and crocodiles. As we follow the course of this infamous river, even more diverse wildlife is revealed along its shores. With danger at every turn, this is Zambezi!
s27	TV Show	Zahara: The Return		Natasha Heschélle, Curtis Morgan, Hannah Scott, Dennis Nimoh, Christine Nguyen			2020	16+	1 Season	TV Shows	The story explores the history of slavery and racism, and the tensions between a white supernatural world and a supernatural world of colour as an ancient black Druid rekindles her forbidden love with the son of her former master.
s28	TV Show	Z: The Beginning of Everything		Christina Ricci  , David Hoflin	United States		2017	18+	1 Season	Comedy, Drama	"Z: The Beginning of Everything" tells the story of Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald, the brilliant, beautiful Southern Belle who became the original flapper and icon of the wild, flamboyant Jazz Age.
s29	TV Show	Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal		Eli Jay, Marc Thompson, Sean Schemmel, Eileen Stevens			2015	TV-Y7	3 Seasons	Animation, Anime, Fantasy	It's time to feel the flow as Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal blasts off into awesome new adventures! Seven legendary number cards are hidden throughout the cosmos, each holding a key to unlocking the ultimate power of the universe. Yuma and Astral must find them before the evil Barians do for whoever wields this force can use it to save the galaxy or destroy it!
